You've connected Remix to your blockchain and could connect it to Web3, too.
Now, we can take this one step further.
What would you do if you wanted to deploy this contract from
Remix and have information about it rendered to a website?
How do you bring the details of this contract into your development environment?
That's exactly what we'll go over here.
By the end of this video,
you'll have a simple website that's reading
the contents of the smart contracts to the DOM of your browser.
That way, you'll know how to pass information into a website
and can start building web applications that interact with the blockchain.
So, here's what I have so far.
I've got Ganache, Remix,
my editor, and my website.
It can get tough juggling between so many windows,
but if you've developed a lot in the past,
this probably isn't new to you.
To show you how all this is setup,
I'll head back to my project.
I set up my project by initializing npm,
adding Web3 as a dependency,
and creating an index.html file.
I'm using this HTML file now to show you how you can get this onto the website.
Later on, you might prefer to have
the JavaScript file be separate and just link to it from here,
but for now we'll put everything directly within the script tags.
If you'd like to follow along,
take a minute to set up your project the way I have it here.
You can grab the code I have here in the HTML file down below the video.
Now, let's walk through the code to see what's going on.
In this file, we're trying to do a couple of important things I outlined in the comments.
First, we'll be connecting to a Web3 Provider,
and then I'll set a default account.
Next, we identify the contract by its address and ABI.
Finally, we'll log the contract ABI to the console to test that we're connected.
Before getting started, I wanted to mention that you
actually have done something like this earlier in the lesson.
Remember earlier, when you're trying to run the methods
on an existing token contract from Etherscan,
there, you needed the ABI and the contract address, too.
Once you had them, you pass them into Web3,
and you use that to read the functions from the contract.
We're doing pretty much the exact same thing here,
except we're in VS code instead of our terminal and in
Remix with our own contract rather than being in Etherscan with someone else's.
Actually, if you wanted to do exactly what we're doing now with
one of the Etherscan contracts instead, then you could do that, too.
To dig into the code, let's start with the Web3 Provider.
This line comes directly from the documentation.
What this is doing is two things.
First, if there isn't a provider specified,
it'll default to an existing Web3 Provider.
It'll check to see if there's an injected version of
Web3 provided by the user of the application.
In this case, that's basically asking if the user has MetaMask.
Remember, MetaMask works as an injected Web3 Provider.
If there is a provider specified,
then it's going to connect to that.
This is similar to what we've done already,
but it's using an HTTP provider instead.
One thing to note about this is if it can't find Ether provider,
then the user trying to access the application won't be able to.
That's why it's important for a user to have MetaMask if you
expect them to be able to interact with the application you built.
So that's what's connecting us to Ganache.
One last thing to note about this is that you do need to bring
Web3 into the HTML file for it to be able to find it at all.
On the documentation, it gives you the CDN you'll need to do this.
Paste this into a script tag in the header of your HTML, and you're good to go.
Next, you need to set a default account to run the transactions from.
That's what this line is doing.
It's setting the first account as the default by
selecting it from the array of accounts that Ganache provides.
You've made the same call when checking out accounts for yourself.
Next, we need to go get the contract ABI.
To do this, we'll go back to Remix.
Make sure you've deployed a contract first.
From there, go back to the Compile tab and grab the ABI.
They make it simple to grab right here,
but I have to at least mention at some point
that there's more details if you click on the Details button.
You can also copy the ABI from here,
it's just an extra click away.
Great, so now you've got the ABI.
You can paste that right here.
It's going to take up a ton of space,
but you can always go back to the top and collapse the group.
Before doing that, just take a look to see if you find anything familiar.
Here, I can see both to getMessage and setMessage functions.
Looks good to me. Next, go back to Remix and get the contract address.
You'll find that over on the deployed contract,
and you can get that by clicking here.
Paste that into the code,
and you've got everything you need to push this contract to your website.
Save this file and open the HTML file however you like.
You'll see it says, "Deploy a Remix Contract," which is just the header I put in.
But if you open the console,
then you can see the details of the contract.
We're seeing that because we logged the details to the console.
Awesome, you now have access to run commands on
this contract and push data to and from the DOM however you'd like.
This is a huge step towards making
applications that users can interact with using a front-end.
If you'd like, just for practice,
try actually doing this with a contract from Etherscan like I mentioned.
You'll see that it's pretty simple once you get the hang of it,
and you can pull in and work with contracts from anywhere.
To demonstrate, I'll do that now.
Right now, I'm on the code portion of the contracts that count page for the BAT token.
I'll copy the ABI from here and take it to my editor.
I'll need to take a second to delete the old ABI now.
Once I do, I'll paste in the new one.
Let's do the same with the contract address.
Head back to Etherscan again to find and copy the contract address.
Now, replace the old address with this one.
Save the file and refresh your website.
Great, now you have all the contact information for this contract,
the same as you had the information for your own just a minute ago.
Try a few more for yourself,
see what you learn, and I hope you're excited to use these new features.